listen shark movies have clearly been on
the rise so any chance that a studio has
to make one they're gonna bite but when
you include Jason Statham you're gonna
need a bigger boat a bigger cast and yet
somehow it only ended up being a rented
since this wasn't the movie that Jason
Statham set out to make let me explain
I'm a huge fan of Jason Statham right
that dude transports you into the action
so well that he's getting his own Fast
and Furious spin-off franchise and he
was just supposed to be like a one-off
villain in that I also really like
national treasure so seeing the director
make this one sounded kind of fun but
then finding out that Eli Roth was meant
to direct it it just lets you know how
bloody was supposed to be in fact Jason
Statham himself said he wanted more of
the gore he signed up for and not the
jokes that were swapped in to make this
pg-13 so it just makes you go why oh
right like I said I do give it a Renta
right because it is dumb fun but mercy
me I can only imagine how dope it could
have been if they would have kept it
rated R I mean this movie finished
filming two years ago and they were just
waiting for a release they also played
the China funding game which you know me
diversify it all you want definitely
more diversity but we can tell when
you're just stuff in foreign talent in
to secure the bank I mean it's also been
the same actress too for all the other
movies that I've been getting the
funding and it's nothing against her but
it's kind of like when you hang out with
your girlfriend's little brother who you
don't really care for but you do it
because you know you want to smash and
the mag did smash those numbers opening
weekend I didn't even know how many
shark movies that were out there I
didn't know there was a craving for
these movies until my buddy Ryan made a
video covering 101 of them I know - oh
no shark attack F heavily on sharks
[Music]
she's totally [ __ ] so in the Meg
Dwight over here is basically John
Hammond from Jurassic Park who spared no
expense to create this underwater
research facility and also give everyone
massive watch sponsorships problem is
that part of the crew gets stranded down
below because the Megalodon that Jason
told everybody was real reappears and
wants revenge Jason that needs to come
out of retirement to go rescue them but
on the mag's it's right through the
thermal rift that was keeping it down
below and I was ready to get its own
blockbuster now well everyone in the
movie was so surprised because they just
discovered an extinct species house over
here pondering how Ruby Rose's hair like
how does it stay wet all the time
looking like Ibuki from Street Fighter
24/7 they then realize that the best way
to kill it is by literally sending Jason
Statham on his own swimming up to tag
the beast which of course only turns
this man in the shark bay and the Meg
comes after him looking like ooh-ahh
like you know those wakeboarding videos
gone wrong with her just being dragged
imagine that but with a shark as dumb as
it was that was my favorite scene in the
movie cuz Statham got so scared this man
just started singing just keep swimming
I don't know if Hollywood has copyright
bots are not bad I swear this man was
covering dory eventually they're able to
kill the mag and toby flenderson when
turns out there's two Meg's at this
point it just turns into the Italian Job
underwater with the second meg and Jason
ends up taking a page from his slasher
counterpart and straight up machetes the
Megalodon right down the middle he saves
the day he gets the girl and then and
they ended it with the word fin y'all
couldn't help it could you thank you
guys for checking out this video I'm
curious to know your thoughts down below
in the comment section like I said it
sucks when the studio messes with the
movie in order to get the pg-13 rating
because they want more money right it
was so it's like the complete opposite
with eighth grade a movie called eighth
grade and eighth grade eighth graders
can't go see it because they decided to
make it ready to add oh I don't know I
just wish that they would have stuck
with the original thing because it
probably would have been a better movie
you know like Mad Max was rated R they
kept that rating they didn't bring it
down just because they wanted to I don't
know make it have more mass appeal maybe
this would be a good universal right I
don't know
other than that I'm curious to know your
thoughts don't forget to comment like
and subscribe down below and I'll send
you a copy of the Oscar snub Shark Tale